Here we go.
Let me introduce you to everyone on stage
The head of the family is the first family I have met
Zhao Zhenhao Mr. Zhao
This is the Long family head of the second family
This is Clan Leader Hu and Clan Leader Qian
This time, the four family heads are united here
Give tens of billions of orders
Is seeking a new partner
Open up new markets together
Let me invite the four team leaders to speak next
everyone
I hereby correct
What we brought this time is not tens of billions of orders.
After the discussion of the four of us
We decided to invest 100 billion.
Hey, hey, sorry.
think hundreds of billions
This royal family's assets are only hundreds of millions
I don't add up to 1 billion
The four major families have placed hundreds of billions of orders
100 billion days
How many years do I have to sell the goods to make money?
You can set a small goal first
Live him for a thousand years
Yeah, that's right.
Sign up now
I will announce the answer when the registration closes.
My Zhou family signed up
My Wu family signed up
My Wang family signs up
I Lin Shishi sign up